com/udacity/shoestore/databinding/FragmentLoginBinding.java
 com.udacity.shoestore.databinding.FragmentLoginBinding
com/udacity/shoestore/databinding/FragmentWelcomeBinding.java
 com.udacity.shoestore.databinding.FragmentWelcomeBinding
com/udacity/shoestore/databinding/FragmentInstructionBinding.java
 com.udacity.shoestore.databinding.FragmentInstructionBinding
com/udacity/shoestore/BuildConfig.java
 com.udacity.shoestore.BuildConfig
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
com/udacity/shoestore/BR.java
 com.udacity.shoestore.BR
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/udacity/shoestore/databinding/FragmentWelcomeBindingLandImpl.java
 com.udacity.shoestore.databinding.FragmentWelcomeBindingLandImpl
com/udacity/shoestore/databinding/FragmentShoeDetailsBinding.java
 com.udacity.shoestore.databinding.FragmentShoeDetailsBinding
com/udacity/shoestore/databinding/ActivityMainBindingImpl.java
 com.udacity.shoestore.databinding.ActivityMainBindingImpl
com/udacity/shoestore/databinding/FragmentInstructionBindingImpl.java
 com.udacity.shoestore.databinding.FragmentInstructionBindingImpl
com/udacity/shoestore/databinding/FragmentWelcomeBindingImpl.java
 com.udacity.shoestore.databinding.FragmentWelcomeBindingImpl
com/udacity/shoestore/databinding/FragmentInstructionBindingLandImpl.java
 com.udacity.shoestore.databinding.FragmentInstructionBindingLandImpl
com/udacity/shoestore/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.udacity.shoestore.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/udacity/shoestore/databinding/FragmentShoeListBinding.java
 com.udacity.shoestore.databinding.FragmentShoeListBinding
com/udacity/shoestore/databinding/FragmentLoginBindingImpl.java
 com.udacity.shoestore.databinding.FragmentLoginBindingImpl
 com.udacity.shoestore.databinding.FragmentLoginBindingImpl$1
 com.udacity.shoestore.databinding.FragmentLoginBindingImpl$2
com/udacity/shoestore/databinding/FragmentShoeListBindingImpl.java
 com.udacity.shoestore.databinding.FragmentShoeListBindingImpl
com/udacity/shoestore/generated/callback/OnClickListener.java
 com.udacity.shoestore.generated.callback.OnClickListener
 com.udacity.shoestore.generated.callback.OnClickListener$Listener
com/udacity/shoestore/databinding/FragmentLoginBindingLandImpl.java
 com.udacity.shoestore.databinding.FragmentLoginBindingLandImpl
 com.udacity.shoestore.databinding.FragmentLoginBindingLandImpl$1
 com.udacity.shoestore.databinding.FragmentLoginBindingLandImpl$2
com/udacity/shoestore/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.udacity.shoestore.DataBindingTriggerClass
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/udacity/shoestore/databinding/FragmentShoeDetailsBindingImpl.java
 com.udacity.shoestore.databinding.FragmentShoeDetailsBindingImpl
 com.udacity.shoestore.databinding.FragmentShoeDetailsBindingImpl$1
 com.udacity.shoestore.databinding.FragmentShoeDetailsBindingImpl$2
 com.udacity.shoestore.databinding.FragmentShoeDetailsBindingImpl$3
 com.udacity.shoestore.databinding.FragmentShoeDetailsBindingImpl$4
com/udacity/shoestore/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.udacity.shoestore.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.udacity.shoestore.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.udacity.shoestore.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
